Training Day 1 - HTML/CSS

1. If you add padding to an element, we have to subtract that amount from the width of that element.
2. Float left on an element that includes other block elements, allows it to auto resize to include all those elements it contains. 
3. Elements that have float right appear in reverse order.
4. For problematic elements, we can use position property absolute to force position it. The parent element then needs position property relative. 
5. To vertically align elements, line-height property comes in handy. 
6. Inherit property is useful.
7. For a and img tags, set outline, border to 0.
8. Margin refers to outer spacing and padding refers to the inner spacing for an element.
9. For menu items, its good to use ul, li tags for SEO purposes.
10. id attribute is used for unique elements, whereas class attribute is used for elements whose styles repeat elsewhere. You can reference only 1 unique id, whereas classes can be referenced at multiple instances.
11. Cross browser support for border radius.
12. Float left elements stack up one after the another if it has space, otherwise it moves to the next line. 
13. Clear both, is useful to clear elements on the current line, and start fresh on a new line. 
14. Write less to do more, and always format code. This helps when  you are working in a team to make your code readable to others. Comment if and when necessary.
15. li, h1, and various other html tags have browser pre-set styling that needs to be over-ridden if need be. Example: padding: 0 for list elements.

Training Day 2 - Djangofy

1. Use of widgets - used for RemovableFileField here.
2. User login and authentication.
3. Implementations of sitemap generation through urls.py
4. ping_google() trick to make googlebots to track the website.
5. Implementation of forms for posting user-input datas.
6. Usage of context_processors.py to declare globally accessible template variables.
7. Autoregistering all the django apps in the django project - autoregister.py.
8. Adding Html Error pages. E.g.: 404.html for 404 error.
